colors: A good Design Depends on its brand colors. User Interface always should contain minimal number of colors which serves purpose to the brand and target audience.
In CSS, colors can be added in multiple ways
  -- Hex Code: every color will have a hexadecimal code of 6 letter followed by #
  -- RGB(Red, Green,Blue) : every color can be represented as a combination of red,green,blue , each varies from 0 to 255
  -- RGBA(red, green , blue,alpha): Along with red,green,blue you can also give alpha which represents lightness to darkness of color from 0.0 to 1.0
  -- Name: VSCode provides lot of colors with names which you can use directly

fonts : A Good Design also maintains minimum or single fonts in webpages for consistency. Fonts also represents Brand.There are 5 font families in the world.
  1. serif : serif fonts have a stroke at every corner ,used for reading websites mostly. eg: Times new Roman
  2. sans-serif : sans means no. sans serif will not contain any stroke at corner. used for general websites. eg: Arial,Inter
  3. Monospace : These fonts contains same height leaving impact of typewriter.
  4. Cursive : These fonts are styled and curved, used for grand look
  5. fantasy/modern : These fonts are used for special effects(mostly unique fonts)

How to put font in a web page?
    font-family : This property is used to assign any font family which is available.
    we can import font families from google fonts by following below procedure
   search "google fonts" --> select a font --> click get font --> click "embed code" --> select "@import" and copy paste the code into CSS.
   font-weight: it is used to measure the thickness of font(100 -900,bold,bolder)
   font-style : it is used to make the style italic(normal/italic)
   font-size: it is used to specify a certain size(small/large/x-large or by pixels)
   text-align: it is used to align text (left/right/center/justify).

units:  units represents measurement . we can measure css properties using
   i. px (pixels) : it is least unit in screen to measure the size
   ii. % (percentage): it is x% of parent element
   iii. vw or vh: it means viewport width or viewport height which is X% of total screen width or screen height








